At Sparq, we help companies solve the right problems—not just build more technology.

We’re a modern product engineering partner blending strategy, craftsmanship, and speed to help organizations modernize confidently in the age of AI. From data ecosystems to digital products and AI acceleration, we turn complexity into clarity and ideas into impact.

If you’re driven to build what’s next, lead with empathy, and deliver excellence without ego, you’ll feel right at home at Sparq.

C2C is not available

Must be authorized to work in the U.S. without sponsorship

Why You Will Enjoy Mondays Again

Opportunity to collaborate with a diverse group of colleagues in a fun, creative environment
Progressive career journey and opportunity for advancement
Continuous development through training, mentorship and certification programs
Exposure to modern technologies across various industries in an agile environment
Flexibility to work remotely, onsite or a hybrid of both as desired in certain locations
Competitive salary + bonus opportunities
Robust benefits package, matching 401(k) plan, and substantial PTO
Tuition reimbursement

A Day In The Life

Design, develop, and optimize AI models, including training and fine-tuning for various applications.
Implement and deploy AI solutions on a cloud platform, ensuring scalability and performance.
Utilize Python for data preprocessing, model development, and automation of AI workflows.
Collaborate with the development team to broaden AI capabilities and enhance existing solutions.
Research and experiment with cutting-edge AI technologies, staying ahead of industry advancements.
Optimize and monitor AI models post-deployment, ensuring efficiency, accuracy, and reliability.

What It Takes

Consultative approach and problem solving skills to successfully align digital solutions with long-term business goals of the client
Commitment to understanding and exceeding client expectations
Ability to perform project oversight and execution of deliverables
Flexibility to adapt within a high-growth organization
Ability to lead, mentor and motivate those around them
Hunger for continuous learning and professional development
Intellectual curiosity to provide creative solutions
Full understanding of the software development life cycle
Ability to positively impact fellow colleagues through effective leadership, presentations, coaching, etc. 
Desire to work in a team environment
Good interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills

Regardless of your specific role, we seek individuals who are excited to explore, adopt, and evangelize AI tools and methodologies. If you have experience in AI or a proven track record of rapidly learning and mentoring others on emerging tech, you’ll fit right in.

Equal Employment Opportunity Policy: Sparq is proud to offer equal employment opportunity without regard to age, color, disability, gender, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military status, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, veteran status, or any other legally protected characteristic.

We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities and believe in an inclusive workplace. If you require reasonable accommodations to participate in the job application or interview process, please let us know by contacting recruiting@teamsparq.com
